Not only can you listen to the updates in your forum you can also update the form on your own.
Just like in the template driven approach set value and Petchey value are there for you.
I will quickly show it here.
You can of course on your form as a whole cause set value and pass a javascript object which should
now resemble the object structure appear when you create the form.
So where you have your user data which then is an object where you have your user name and set is equal
to Max for example.
Have your email set this equal to max at test dot com have your gender male and of course your hobbies.
Potentially an empty array.
So if we do this we should see that now or for this pre-populated with some values because we immediately
call set value and of course you can also call this up on the click of a button.
And as in the template driven approach you also have Patchi value of course if you only want to update
a part of the form like for example the username switches to Anna.
Now you should see that the user name is changed to Anna.
The rest still it contains the values I set with set value.
So just to bring to your attention Pache value and said value are also available and the same is true
for resetting.
So if you want to reset the form after submitting it we can simply call reset here.
So let's quickly do this.
And hit submit.
Now it's gone.
So this empties our form.
Now with that you should have tools to work with the form to configure it to your needs and to really
build powerful for it's time to practice this in the next assignment.